Muhammad Abu Musa is a volunteer in
arafa preparing bodies for
burial he uses these plain white sheets
to wrap the
dead in the early days of the war the
demand for shrouds surge Beyond Supply
forcing him to wrap up to five bodies
together in a single
sheet I never expected this number of
deaths at all we did not have such
numbers in the previous Wars we are
talking about unimaginable numbers we're
talking about more than 20,000 people
not including the people
missing donations have allowed him to
buy more shrouds but everyday items like
Caesars and cutton are hard to
find that's because of Israel's
bombardment and group operations and
it's land sea and air blockade of the
strip as cemeteries fill up with the
dead others are being buried in communal
Graves the white shroud is important in
Muslim Tradition now it's become a
symbol of the Palestinian
struggle the big number of people killed
made the white shroud a symbol for this
war and it became parallel to the
Palestine flag in its influence and the
knowledge of the world about the
significance of our
cause since the beginning of the war in
Gaza
white shrouds tell a story of
loss families use them to say goodbye to
their loved ones with the last heartfelt
message but sometimes Musa and other
volunteers don't know who they're
bearing and can only write
Unown Axel zovich Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from
alzer